Add some more explanatory text to the beginning. (#874)
mlswg/mls-protocol: draft-ietf-mls-protocol.md

# Protocol Overview

MLS is designed to operate in the context described in
{{?I-D.ietf-mls-architecture}}. In particular, we assume that the following
services are provided:

* An Authentication Service (AS) that enables group members to authenticate the
  credentials presented by other group members.

* A Delivery Service (DS) that routes MLS messages among the participants in the

>   protocol.

Reviewer: I would probably keep the sub-bullets describing the usual functions of the DS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Delivery Service (DS) that routes MLS messages among the participants in the
  protocol.
  
      * Pre-publication of KeyPackage objects for clients
      * Delivery of Proposal and Commit messages to members of a group
      * Delivery of Welcome messages to new members of a group
      * Sequencing of Commit messages (see {{sequencing}})
```

(Also incorporating some changes from #872)

Author: I mean it's up to you, but I actually think this is a regression, because it has a lot of forward references.

KeyPackage and Welcome messages are used to initiate a group or introduce new
members, so they are exchanged between group members and clients not yet in the
group. A client publishes a KeyPackage via the DS, thus enabling other

> clients to add it to groups. When a group member wants to add a client
> to a group it uses its KeyPackage to construct a Welcome message to
> send to the new member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
clients to add it to groups. When a group member wants to add a new member
to a group it uses the new member's KeyPackage to add the new member to 
the group and construct a Welcome message with which the new member can
initialize its local state.
```
